Add Lab data modeling page (#1388)
memgraph/documentation: pages/memgraph-lab/features/data-modeling.mdx

- Nodes
    - Double-click on an empty space to create a new node.
    - Drag from a handler of an existing node → if dragged into empty space, a new node is created.
    - If you want to quickly expand your schema, just clicking on a handler creates a new node in one of the 4 directions.
    - Preview mode (press `n` or use the toolbox) shows where the next node will appear when clicked.
- Edges
    - Drag from a handler of the node to the existing node to create an edge between them.
    - Edges are automatically created every time you create a node from an existing node.

This enables the rapid construction of both simple and complex schemas directly on the canvas.

### Editing elements

Once created, nodes and edges can be styled and adjusted to better reflect the structure of your data.
Editing can be done directly on the canvas, through the toolbox, or via the sidebar for more detailed control.

- Nodes
    - Selecting a node opens the toolbox with options to delete it or change its color and size.
    - The node sidebar allows editing of its labels and properties
    - Node labels on the canvas are also directly editable.
- Edges

>     - Selecting an edge opens the toolbox with options to delete it or change its direction.
>     - The sidebar allows editing of the edge label and properties.
>     - Edge labels on the canvas can also be edited inline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Toolbox options** <br/>
When you select an edge, the toolbox allows you to delete it or change its direction.

**Sidebar editing** <br/>
The edge sidebar lets you edit the edge label and properties.

**Inline labels** <br/>
Edge labels on the canvas can also be edited directly.
```

This flexibility allows you to quickly adjust both the **visual style** and the **semantic information** of your model without leaving the canvas.

### Shortcuts

| Shortcut     | Action                      |
| ------------ | --------------------------- |
| **N**        | Enter node preview mode     |
| **Delete**   | Delete selected node/edge   |
| **Ctrl + Z** | Undo last action            |
| **Ctrl + Y** | Redo the last undone action |

## Manage data models

All models created using the data modeling can be accessed and managed from the **Saved models** tab.
This view provides a table that lists all previously stored models along with their key information:

- **Name**: The model name defined when it was created.
- **State**: Shows whether the model is valid or invalid.
- **Last modified**: The date and time when the model was last updated.
- **Actions**: Each entry includes the following actions:

>     - 🔀 **Edit:** Opens the model in edit mode.
>     - 🗑️ **Delete**: Permanently removes the model from the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Edit:** Opens the model in edit mode.
    - **Delete**: Permanently removes the model from the list.
```
